My Bachelor Thesis is `here <https://github.com/Mmozzanica5/Mmozzanica5.github.io/tree/main/Bachelor/Thesis>`_

This thesis work concerns the development of a calorimeter used as a preshower for testing curved silicon crystals. These crystals, characterized by a periodic lattice, have peculiar characteristics as they are capable of deflecting the trajectory of charged particles, producing the same effect as a strong magnetic field. They are based on the principle of channelling, confinement within the crystalline lattice. In 1976, the Russian physicist Edward Tsyganov proposed the use of channelling in oriented crystals to deflect charged particles. In accelerators, large magnets are used, while curved crystals are small devices (a typical strip crystal has dimensions of approximately 0.5 mm x 7 cm x 3 mm in the beam direction) that allow achieving the same result in compact spaces.

When a curved crystal is traversed by light charged particles (electrons or positrons), in addition to deflection, the emission of electromagnetic radiation occurs. To study its intensity, it is necessary to use an extracted beam of electrons/positrons and measure the energy of the radiation produced as they pass through the curved crystal, using a high-resolution crystal calorimeter.

In this thesis, a preshower will be constructed and analyzed, which is a sampling calorimeter consisting of alternating layers of scintillator and absorber material. It will be positioned in front of the crystal calorimeter. This activity is part of the ELIOT project (ELectromagnetic processes In Oriented crysTals) of the National Scientific Commission V of the National Institute of Nuclear Physics. The project aims to generate intense γ-ray sources through the use of oriented crystals crossed by an electron and/or positron beam. In the interaction, one or more photons can be produced: the calorimeter measures the total energy, while the constructed preshower will be used to provide information on the multiplicity of photons. The crystal test will be carried out at a beamline of the DESY accelerator with a maximum electron energy of 6.3 GeV.
